c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\sb-admin-2.Web.dll.config
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\sb-admin-2.Web.dll
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\sb-admin-2.Web.pdb
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\obj\Debug\SupervisorNew1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\obj\Debug\sb-admin-2.Web.dll
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\obj\Debug\sb-admin-2.Web.pdb
c:\users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\Zayko.Finance.CurrencyConverter.dll
C:\Users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\Zayko.Finance.CurrencyConverter.pdb
C:\Users\larrylaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\Zayko.Finance.CurrencyConverter.xml
C:\Users\larrylaptop\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\Excel.dll
C:\Users\larrylaptop\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
C:\Users\larrylaptop\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SupervisorNew1\SupervisorNew1\bin\Excel.pdb
